Now to use our slice,
we first of all need to use the return value
of calling createSlice because here we get back
our counterSlice, now this name is up to you,
but it's a slice of our global state,
the slice which is responsible
for working with our counter.
Now we wanna register this with our store.
So first of all we can get rid
of our old counterReducer here, we don't need that anymore.
So let's remove it to make this a bit more readable.
And now here to createStore,
we could pass our counterSlice.reducer.
With that we get access to the reducers set up in the slice
even though it .reducer, it's basically a big reducer
with a couple of if statements
that trigger those different reducer methods
depending on the action type and we would be good to go.
Now we just couldn't dispatch actions right now,
but in theory, we would be good to go like this.
But if we have bigger applications
with multiple state slices,
we would face a problem if we try to do it like this,
because there can only be one reducer
passed to create store and when we have multiple slices,
we have multiple reducers which we access with .reducer
on the different slices.
Now with standard Redux, there is a combineReducers function
which we could use for that but we can also ditch Redux here
and instead import another function from reduxjs/toolkit
which will make that a bit easier.
We can import the configureStore function.
ConfigureStore like createStore creates a store
but it makes merging multiple reducers
into one reducer easier thereafter.
So here we can now call configureStore,
and to configureStore, we now pass an object
not a reducer function but an object.
It's a configuration object expected by configureStore.
A configuration object where we then set a reducer property
and that's an expected property by configureStore.
Reducer singular and not reducers plural
because still, no matter if we use createStore
or configureStore, Redux wants one main reducer function,
which is responsible for the global state.
However, with configureStore,
the value for reducer can be a single reducer
so we can for example use counterSlice.reducer
to use the reducer from that counterSlice
which combines all those reducer methods
to find in that slice.
We can use that as a global main reducer
and here that would make sense
because this is the only state slice we have
and therefore, the only reducer we have,
but if we had multiple state slices in a bigger application
something we're going to see later,
then alternatively as a value for this reducer key,
we could also set an object and in that object,
we can set up any keys of our choice,
so any property names of our choice
and the values of those properties
would then be different reducer functions.
So we would create a map of reducers you could say,
and this map is then set as a value for the main reducer
and behind the scenes configureStore
will emerge all those reducers into one big reducer.
So it will merge them for us.
And that's an alternative we can use,
not an alternative we will use here though
because here we only have one reducer
so we can direct the assign,
that reducer from the counterSlice
as our main reducer for configureStore.
Now the question is, how do we dispatch actions?
Because we don't have our own, if checks,
we don't know what the identifiers
for our actions should be.
We just have these method names
but how do we now know what to dispatch?